[AMANE] The Kimigahama
area is famous for its fog.
Some of the
old timers around here
still call this
the "Foggy Beach."
It'll reach up the hill today.
Hey, Maou.
Can I leave this to you?
I'm gonna show the ladies
to their inn, then I'll be back
[MAOU]
Sounds good.
[ALAS RAMUS cries]
There, there, it'll be okay.
It typically doesn't take
her this long to calm down.
Right?
Huh?!
Huh?
[MAOU]
Forget soupy, this is chowder.
If we were to
venture outside now,
we'd struggle to find our
footing in this new terrain.
[phone rings]
Someone's popular.
Nice, it's a text from Chi.
Says they made it
to the inn safely.
For real?
[ASHIYA]
Something the matter, Sire?
Yeah, it's Amane.
Apparently she ran off
somewhere, all of a sudden.
Prolly went home
to escape your crazy.
Rude, and that's
not what Chi said.
If Amane was just going home,
I think Chi wouldn't've
have used the phrase "ran off."
Do you suppose she'll be
able to navigate this fog?
You know, I don't believe she
told us her primary occupati--
[distant siren]
How creepy.
The thing sounds like a dragon!
Look, Sire!
Use your inside voice!
[ASHIYA]
I apologize. But look. There.
Do you see something
peculiar, as well?
[MAOU]
Uh...
A dude?
A freakin' massive dude?
So, it seems.
Never seen fog before?
Perhaps this is the
ghoul Amane spoke of?
Here in Choshi, we have a
legend about the Mouren Yassa.
I doubt it, she said
those show up in boats.
[MAOU]
Uh. Guys?
Is that--?
We should investigate.
Prepare to run!
Yeah, no.
I was right, we've
got ourselves a cyclops!
[speaking in Ente Isla]
Looks like somebody got
their ass handed to them.
[ASHIYA]
Wait! Who did this?
Huh? Ashiya, heads up!
Huh? A beast demonoid?
Do you hail from
demon capital, Satanas Arc?
[speaking in Ente Isla]
[ASHIYA]
We aren't humans! Numbskull!
'Tis I, the great
Demon General Alciel!
[BEAST DEMONOID
speaking in Ente Isla]
Well, I never!
[speaking in Ente Isla]
Ashiya, calm down!
Get down!
[BEAST DEMONOID
speaking in Ente Isla]
It's coming back!
You think this might
be some attack
from the Grand Hoshin Church?
Crazy night.
Just what could demons
be doing in Kimigahama?
I hear there's a super sexy
demon lord hanging out
in Sasazuka, so maybe
it's not that strange.
This is no time for levity!
We must quickly decipher
what our current situation
might entail.
I know.
I wish we could say it
was a coincidence.
There's a chance the
demon realm has located us
and sent these escorts
to ensure we make it home.
Okay, but why would our
escorts be all beat to hell?
Incoming!
[speaking in Ente Isla]
Camio? Is that you?
[CAMIO]
What? How do you know my name?
That's weird.
You can speak our language.
Are you--?
[MAOU] You okay?
What the hell happened?
Who hurt you?
[ASHIYA]
Sire! The fog--it's returned!
Let's go! Support his wing!
Get him inside!
[ASHIYA]
Right!
[URUSHIHARA]
Clutch or kick, gamers!
Don't just stand there!
[MAOU]
Yeah!
Close call.
[sighs]
[distant siren]
[ASHIYA]
Look, Sire!
[MAOU]
What just happened?
Camio, you hanging in there?
I have no clue
who you people are,
but crossing my path has all
but guaranteed your deaths.
I get the confusion.
I mean, these two do look
like total d-bags in this world.
But there is no way
you don't recognize me.
Indeed! You're Lucifer!
I guess you're still not
gonna address me as lord.
You must be the Great Demon
General of the East.
'Tis I. I truly hope you are
faring well, good sir Camio.
I'm Alciel.
Though my form has changed.
Uh! Then that means
that you must be...
[MAOU]
Hey, Camio.
I'm really sorry that I've
been away for so long.
It's you!
King Satan himself!
What a stroke of fortune!
My lord, I'm
so glad you're alive!
Why're you here?
I never thought
I'd see you in Japan.
Or this world.
[CAMIO] I most humbly
apologize, Your Majesty.
I have failed my duty to protect
the realm in your absence!
What do you mean?
Our realm and
Ente Isla have fallen
into the grips of
chaos once again!
C'mon, please
stay with me! Camio!
[ASHIYA]
My liege?
The hell's that?
It's kinda cute.
[phone rings]
You can't come
all the way to Inubo
and miss out on this
famous seaside sunrise!
[MOU] I learned a grand
total of zilch yesterday.
I made Camio my representative
in the demon realm.
He was in charge
of the homefront
while we were off
invading Ente Isla.
Back on our turf, he held almost
the same authority I did.
So, what's he doing all
beat up in Japan?
[MAOU]
I'm sure of one thing.
Camio and those guys
who disappeared into the fog
didn't come here looking
for me or my men.
[MAOU]
Camio? You good?
Tweet! King Satan, tweet!
Didn't mean to wake you,
I was just checking in.
Glad you're okay.
Well, I'm sorry to be a burden,
but I'm fine, tweet!
Hey, don't sweat it.
You need a bird feeder,
or a bath, or something?
You are most gracious, tweet.
But as long as my magic remains,
I should feel fine, tweet.
[MAOU]
Got it. You rest up.
Bless you, Sire, tweet, tweet!
Come, my liege. Let's go.
Right. See you later, Camio.
Where might you be going, tweet?
Could it be...?
[MAOU]
Yeah. Into battle!
Thanks for coming in!
Two salt pork,
one salt chicken for table two!
[ASHIYA]
Yes, Your Majesty!
Feel free to pour
your own syrup.
Here you are, sir!
Hi! Ready to check out?
Sire! Yakisoba's ready!
I need two beers over here!
Make it snappy!
I'll get five of these, too.
Great choice! Five chicken!
One sec! We're whipping
up a fresh batch!
I'll have that right out to you!
Hey, Maou? Can you
bring table one their beers?
We ran out of pork sauté,
and I'm gonna need
to get some more going.
Of course. Urushihara!
My mental capacity is full,
and we're totally
out of strawberry syrup!
We're running low
on prepped food!
Crap! I've used all my tickets!
Amane! Ticket book!
[AMANE]
No idea where those are!
Hey, where's our order at, lady?
[AMANE]
Coming, sir! Uh. Yo, Maou!
I need two beers and a cola!
Dammit! What a mess, I'm not
sure which orders are done,
and which aren't!
[CUSTOMER F]
This place is so slow!
[MAOU]
Uh-oh. We can't keep this up.
[CHIHO]
Two beers and a cola!
Thanks for your patience!
[SUZUNO]
Leave the salt yakisoba to me.
Direct your attention to all
the orders that require sauce.
Yes, do you have any shaved ice
machines available for lease?
ASAP. Sounds great.
[MAOU]
Chi. Suzuno. Emi?
Sorry, but we're in dire
need of your help!
No prob!
Understood.
Just so you know,
you owe me now.
This should be all the drinks
you ordered, guys!
Thanks, sugar britches!
Your drinks are free
since you got the lunch deal!
Hell yeah!
--[MAOU] Hey.
--[EMI] Hmm?
What's up?
[MAOU]
Where's the kid?
Use your brain, she's napping
'cause we wore her out
on the beach this morning.
[MAOU] I guess that means
she's in the sword.
On a much more urgent note,
the shaved ice
machines I ordered
should be getting
here any minute now.
Why don't you grab 'em
while we hold down the fort?
[MAOU]
Yeah, okay.
Oof.
Your Majesty.
I've developed a theory.
[MAOU]
What?
Yesterday.
That could well have
been an angel's doing.
A new angel in the game?
Yeah, I'm not so sure.
The cyclops was clear
when he said a human
was the one who injured him.
If so, there's one potential
suspect in this world.
Olba, huh?
[MAOU]
I'm beat!
Here, have this!
It's from Miss Amane.
Cool. Thanks Chi.
And thanks for your help.
I mean it.
If you all hadn't showed up,
we seriously might've
been done for.
I feel so bad that
I always make you worry
and work extra.
Hush up, I'm happy to be useful!
Your swimsuit looks good.
We might get a Chi fan club
coming back daily!
Oh! That's really flattering
of you to say.
Thanks so much, Mister Maou.
So, you think, uh, I look good?
Duh. Isn't that what I said?
[AMANE]
Hey, what's going on over here?
Cut it out. You really shouldn't
play favorites, Maou.
Chiho's not the only one
who saved us.
What about these goddesses?
Um. Yeah, well,
I mean they, uh...
Thank you. I'm grateful.
There's no need to be grateful.
I told you, you owe me.
I'm sure I'll cash in
at some point.
I don't want your gratitude.
I'm only here to prevent
the undeniable fallout
that would occur if you
were to lose these jobs.
You get it.
Come on, is that all?
You can do way better than that!
Give 'em some more sugar, dude.
What do you mean?
Be sweet to them like
you were with Chiho!
We don't pick favorites
in this shack!
I mean, thank you, but
there's nothing to compliment.
Empty compliments
don't mean anything,
so what's the point?
My liege!
You're far too honest!
Are you serious?
You should compliment them
even if it entails a white lie!
What good would come
from me complimenting Emi?
[EMI grunts]
It's not about who
the compliment's from!
Hell, there are days when
I would accept a kind word
from a Blattella germanica!
You can say something nice!
It's cruel to
insinuate you can't!
When cajoling Yusa,
don't expect the sheer joy
that you would witness
from Miss Sasaki.
But at the least it should
beguile her emotions.
Lay off me.
And those impressions
were offensive.
Whether we like it or not,
Suzuno provides
for us nearly everyday!
Thus, we should extol her.
Her combat skills are nifty!
[URUSHIHARA]
Hey.
So, do you want me to
start complimenting you?
Do you want me to kill you?
Kidding. Calm down.
How dare you just sit
there and watch me work.
Why'd I agree to do
this in the first place?
I should kill you.
While I have you,
I need to talk about something.
[EMI] If it's a compliment,
death wish confirmed.
Well, it's not.
So any thoughts on Olba?
Random. What's up?
[URUSHIHARA] Okay,
so we know Olba betrayed you
and tried to get rid of you.
After I KO'd him, he was
arrested for property damage
and illegal possession
of a weapon.
Guess the old
fart's in jail now.
You asked me for
my thoughts, right?
So, what do you want to know?
[URUSHIHARA] There's not
some burning question.
I just have a feeling
you're like me,
and not optimistic
enough to believe
he'll stay put for the police.
Your guys beat me in Ente Isla.
After that, I had two main
reasons to team up with him.
The first is simple,
he told me he'd spare my life.
No way your knights were
gonna let me go after I lost.
No offense, but I deeply
regret not finishing you off
when I had the chance.
Reason number two
is that he told me
he could put in a good word
for me with heaven.
Huh?
The Devil's army was toast.
I couldn't camp out there
with all those humans.
In the moment, I believed
going back to Heaven
was my only option.
He told me he had resources
to negotiate with them.
Bargaining chips.
Like what?
[URUSHIHARA] Well, if his plan
would've worked out, me.
Convincing a fallen angel to
see the light scores big points.
They might've skipped
the whole sainthood thing
and promoted him
straight to being an angel.
[EMI]
And his other chips?
[URUSHIHARA]
Well, you, for one.
How's that?
He wanted to keep you in
his deck as a trump card.
With that, there's
something I wanna know.
Who was in charge of developing
the evolving heavenly silver
your sword and armor
are made out of?
The Missionary Division.
The same place
where Olba worked.
Figured as much.
I have a feeling
he knows what it is, then.
He knows the heavenly silver
is a fragment of Yesod.
What?
That must've been
his bargaining chip.
It's the only thing
the geezer had on 'em.
What I don't get is why
Olba wanted to negotiate
with Heaven so badly.
Yeah, I don't get it either.
But regardless,
it's safe to assume
he has some
seriously powerful info.
He's not going to
let that go to waste
while he sits on his hands
and rots in prison.
The worst part is,
if he goes on a rampage.
I won't get to buy the GameStage
Portable MonCap edition.
That's unforgiveable.
[EMI]
There he is.
Totally hopeless.
You said that out loud, y'know.
[EMI]
Oops!
Well, that wraps up this chat.
Sorry to bug you,
but even I take an interest
when stuff like
last night goes down.
[EMI]
What happened last night?
Dude. You missed that?
Good morning, li'l chickadee.
Is your diaper still dry?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Good morning! Yeah, it's dry.
Surprise! Dada has
someone he'd like you to meet.
[CHIHO]
Aww! How cute!
Wow! Birdie says tweet, tweet!
Don't grab him.
Mister Birdie looks fragile.
Tweet. That smell. It's humans.
Birdie says what?
This guy's a demon
from my realm.
What?
[MAOU]
Meet Chancellor Camio.
If you think of Alciel and
Lucifer as my manpower,
Camio is more in charge of
the strategy side of things.
He's real smart.
He knows all the languages and
customs of the demon tribes.
On top of that,
he's one of few demons
that's any good at negotiation.
This little thing?
Birdie, hug!
Hey, let's use gentle
touches only, cutie.
[MAOU] In a realm where might
and brutality are everything,
Camio managed to survive
through intelligence alone.
He helped get tons
of allies on my side
and grew our organization.
This little thing?
[MAOU] Without Camio,
I don't think I could've formed
the Devil's army.
He blew up!
Tweet!
Birdie?
I'm victorious, tweet!
You listen to me, birdbrain.
If you get the kid hurt,
I will turducken you with
your own beak and giblets!
[CAMIO]
Tweet!
Be nice to our new friend,
I don't think her tumble was
entirely Mister Camio's fault.
[EMI]
Yeet!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Hi, Birdie!
How sweet. Okay, Alas Ramus.
Tell him you're sorry
for chasing him.
But why?
I think you gave him
a pretty bad scare.
I'm so sorry.
Hah hah. Lucky for you,
I'm not the type to grow upset
over the whims of a mere
baby, tweet, tweet.
Heh. That's good, tweet, tweet!
[EMI]
So, what'd we miss?
If we include Camio,
does that mean there
were three demons in
Kimigahama last night?
Yeah.
But our inn is minutes
away from the beach!
If there were demons nearby,
I should've been
able to sense them.
You said that they looked
beaten up, didn't you?
Who do you think
could've done that?
[MAOU]
Not sure, but there seemed to be
a connection to that foghorn.
I wanna check out
the lighthouse.
[CHIHO]
The Inubosaki Lighthouse?
You should've come with us
when we visited this morning.
[MAOU]
You went?
Satan? Pardon me, tweet.
Right. I guess I haven't
introduced you guys yet.
This is Chiho Sasaki.
She knows about all
of our true identities.
I'd trust this girl
with my life.
[CAMIO] Any friend of
yours is a friend of mine.
Human lass, I am filled
with great gratitude
on behalf of my liege.
Well, you know,
Mister Maou is--wait, no.
King Satan is always
helping me out, too!
Weird, but the baby and the lady
are the sacred sword
and the Hero!
Shut up, that's
sensitive information!
You're not as I imagined, tweet.
Tur... ducken
[MAOU]
Come on, Emi, he just got here.
[CAMIO]
Tweet Satan?
Not a great nickname.
Are you positive it's
the best idea to consort
with the Hero
and her sword, tweet?
Of all people,
I thought you'd get it.
Alciel started off as
our enemy, remember?
Huh?
Think way back to
when we first took control
of the demon realm.
When we ended up here,
it was my gut instinct
to try and replicate that
same process on this world.
So, trust me, it wasn't
my plan working with her,
but we manage okay.
For all the time
I have known you,
I have always appreciated
your frank nature, Sire, tweet.
Enemies struggle to find an
emotional common ground,
but through logic, any
partnership is possible.
You're not biased against
humans or heroes.
I'm glad we've got such a
thoughtful demon on our team.
Now, fill me in. What's up?
What brought you and those
other demons to Japan?
And why were you all so
beat up when you got here?
You mentioned chaos in our
realm, as well as in Ente Isla.
Also,what the
heck is this thing?
That is--
[knocking on door]
[AMANE]
Yo, Maou! Can I come in?
Shhh!
Yeah, of course!
Hey, everyone.
The rush is over,
but we've got a crap ton
of cleaning up to do.
[MAOU]
Sorry. We'll be right there.
Sweet.
Whew. You'll have to
tell me the story later.
King Satan! That was her, tweet.
I couldn't make the slightest
advance against her.
She had the power of
a demon lord, tweet.
What are you saying?
[CAMIO] The one who
swallowed up my soldiers
in that mighty dragon's roar...
[CAMIO]
...was her.